# CS-230-Operating-Platforms
Repository for some work from my CS-230 Operating Platforms class

# Portfolio Reflection
The Gaming Room wants to design an environment for their game Draw It or Lose It that will support the multiple teams and rounds of the game. In order for the environment to be effective, it will need to support multiple teams with multiple players and maintain the information in a well-organized fashion. It will ensure that teams and players will have unique names so that confusion is reduced. When creating the software design document, I think I addressed The Gaming Room's concerns and needs very well. I made sure to consider each requirement separately as well as how they would interact when considered as part of a whole. Since I did that, it was easy to see how best to meet the requirements most efficiently. When I was developing the code, I think the most helpful part of the design document was the domain model section. It made it very easy to see how the classes should and would interact and it helped me make sure the overall program followed a functional hierarchy. Without it, I might've fallen into a rabbit hole when trying to figure out how the GameService class would handle all the id numbers. If I were to revise a part of the software design document, I would probably revise my recommendations. Not because I think I recommended an incorrect option, but I feel like the further information on cloud-based serverless architecture I learned this week might've helped me make my points a little more effectively. I interpreted the client's needs and software requirements in the software design document by including them in my consideration for how best to solve the issue. I made sure that I kept the cost and efficiency in mind when making the recommendations I did so that it would fit their needs best. It's important to take the clients' needs into consideration because it's their issue your trying to solve and they came to you to solve it. In addition, if you don't keep their needs in mind, they likely won't be your client for long. When I was developing the software for this document, I was initially developing it in code before trying to fit software requirements around it. In the future, I intend to develop the software requirements first and the code second.
